now a leading opposition figure in
Israel's war cabinet has resigned
calling on the Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu to hold elections Benny Gant
had set a deadline of this weekend for
Mr Netanyahu to outline Israel's longer
term strategy once the war in Gaza is
over Jeremy boen is here so he's a very
experienced figure and probably one of
the most experienced members of the war
Cabinet why is he left yeah former
General former head of the army one of
his political allies um Isaac CT has
also left with him another former
General um well he said he gave
Netanyahu an ultimatum 3 weeks ago to do
those things to have a plan for what
happens the day after so this is the
quote that in his press conference he
was going to say it all yesterday but he
put it off by 24 hours after that
hostage rescue he said fateful strategic
decisions are stuck due to hesitation
and uh procrastination out of political
considerations he's talking about
Netanyahu by political considerations he
means netanyahu's desire to stay in
power perhaps prolong the war when he
could be doing a deal and to avoid the
Reckoning with the Israeli people about
the mistakes that led up to the security
failures of 7th of October which a lot
of Israelis blame Netanyahu for now
gance is hoping that this move will
start the destruction of the net Yahoo
government and there will be elections
and the polls say that if there were
elections he would become the Prime
Minister but might backfire because
Netanyahu is uh reliant on the votes to
keep his Coalition going of ultra
nationalist far right elements who want
the war to continue in Gaza who want to
put Jewish settlers into Gaza and they
will now perhaps have more influence